add ai assist rules (#3376)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: .clinerules/idweb-guidelines.md

# IdWeb Guidelines

## Overview

> Microsoft Identity Web is a comprehensive authentication and authorization library for ASP.NET Core applications that integrates with the Microsoft identity platform and Azure AD B2C. The library provides essential functionality for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Identity Web is a comprehensive authentication and authorization library for ASP.NET Core, OWIN web apps and web APIs, and daemon apps that integrates with the Microsoft identity platform and Azure AD B2C. The library provides essential functionality for:
```

- Web applications that sign in users and optionally call web APIs
- Protected web APIs that may call downstream web APIs
- Token cache implementations
- Microsoft Graph integration
- Azure SDK integration

Through its modular architecture and extensive features, Microsoft Identity Web simplifies the implementation of identity and access management in modern web applications while maintaining security best practices.

## Repository Structure

### Core Directories
- `/src` - Contains all source code for the Microsoft.Identity.Web packages
- `/tests` - Contains all test projects including unit tests, integration tests and E2E tests
- `/benchmark` - Performance benchmarking tests
- `/build` - Build scripts and configuration
- `/docs` - Documentation and blog posts
- `/ProjectTemplates` - Project templates for various ASP.NET Core scenarios
- `/tools` - Development and configuration tools

### Project Templates
The following templates are provided:
- Blazor Server Web Applications
- Blazor WebAssembly Applications
- Azure Functions
- Razor Pages Web Applications
- ASP.NET Core MVC (Starter Web)
- ASP.NET Core Web API
- Worker Service

> 

Reviewer: - daemon app

## Shipped DLLs/Packages

The following NuGet packages are shipped as part of Microsoft.Identity.Web:

### Core Packages

> - Microsoft.Identity.Web - Core authentication and authorization functionality

Reviewer: I would move these two to integration packages
